Integrations page (#2254)
weaviate/weaviate-io: developers/integrations/data-platforms/context-data/index.md

---
title: Context Data
sidebar_position: 2
image: og/integrations/home.jpg
---

VectorETL by [Context Data](https://contextdata.ai/) is a modular no-code Python framework that is designed to help AI and Data Engineers work with data:

* Quickly extract data from multiple data sources (databases, cloud storage, and local files)
* Embed using major models (including OpenAI, Cohere, and Google Gemini)
* Write to vector databases 

## Context Data and Weaviate
Weaviate is a [target connection](https://context-data.gitbook.io/context-data-1/adding-target-connections#add-a-weaviate-target-connection) in Context Data. 

> To connect to ContextData, open the console and input your Weaviate instance's URL and authentication credentials when prompted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to Context Data, open the console and input your Weaviate instance's URL and authentication credentials when prompted.
```
